Aardwolf is a hyena-like animal of southern and eastern Africa.
Aberration is departing from the usual course.
Abridgment is a shortened form of a book.
Abscission is sudden termination.
Acerbate is to make sour or bitter.
Aficionado is a devotee of something.
Algorithm is a set of rules for solving a problem.
Alignment is arrangement in a straight line.
Allocution is a formal speech.
Ancillary is a subordinate or subsidiary.
Apocalypse is widespread destruction or disaster.
Applique is ornamentation applied to a material.
Archetype (arkitype) is the original model.
Avenge is to exact satisfaction for.
Babushka is a woman's scarf.
Baccalaureate is a religious service held before commencement day.
Balalaika is a Russian musical instrument.
Baroque pertains to architecture and art from 17th century Italy.
Barracuda is a long, predaceous fish.
Bayou is a marshy arm of a river, usually sluggish or stagnant.
Beleaguer is to surround with troubles.
Belligerence is a hostile attitude.
Beret is a soft, visorless cap.
Bivouac is a military encampment.
Blithe is joyous, glad or cheerful.
Boatswain is a warrant officer on a warship.
Bourgeois is to be a member of the middle class.
Boutique is a small shop within a larger store.
Boutonniere is a flower worn by a man in his lapel.
Boysenberry is a blackberry-like fruit.
Buoy is a float used to mark a water channel.
Cabaret is a restaurant providing food, drink and music.
Calisthenics are gymnastic exercises.
Callous is hard or indifferent.
Camouflage is hiding oneself from one's enemy.
Cannoneer is an artilleryman.
Cantankerous is disagreeable to deal with.
Cardiopulmonary pertaining to the heart and lungs.
Carnivorous means flesh-eating.
Catastrophe is a sudden and widespread disaster.
Celerity is swiftness, speed.
Censer a container in which incense is burned.
Changeable is liable to change or to be changed.
Chaparral is a dense growth of shrubs or trees (southwest).
Commemorate is to serve as a reminder of.
Committal is an act or instance of committing.
Connoisseur is a person competent to pass critical judgment.
Convalescence is the gradual recovery to health after illness.
Cornucopia is the horn of plenty in mythology.
Corruptible is that which can be corrupted.
Crevasse is a fissure in ice or the earth.
Croissant is a rich, buttery crescent-shaped roll.
Curmudgeon is a bad-tempered, cantankerous person.
Cynic is a person who believes in selfishness as prime motivation.
Dachshund is a long, German dog.
Decaffeinate is to extract caffeine from.
Deliverance is an act or instance of delivering.
Denouement is the final resolution of the intricacies of a plot.
Diaphragm is a part of the human body.
Dichotomy is division into two parts.
Dietitian is a person who is an expert on nutrition.
Diphthong is an unsegmented gliding speech sound
Docile is easily handled or manageable.
Echo is a repetition of sound produced by reflection of sound waves.
Eclair is a finger-shaped creampuff.
Eczema is an inflammatory condition of the skin.
Effervescent is bubbling, vivacious or gay.
Eloquence is using language with fluency and aptness.
Encumbrance is something burdensome.
Exquisite is of special beauty or charm.
Extemporaneous is done without special preparation.
Facsimile is an exact copy.
Fallacious means logically unsound.
Fascinate is to attract and hold attentively.
Fauna are the animals of a region considered as a whole.
Flocculent is like a clump of wool.
Foliage is the leaves of a plant.
Forage is food for cattle or horses.
Forsythia is a shrub of the olive family.
Fraught means full of or accompanied by.
Fuchsia is a bright, purplish-red color.
Gauche means lacking in social grace.
Genre is a class of artistic endeavor having a particular form.
Germane means relevant.
Gerrymander is dividing election districts to suit one group or party.
Glockenspiel is a musical instrument.
Gnash is to grind or strike the teeth together.
Granary is a storehouse for grain.
Grippe is the former name for influenza.
Guillotine a device for execution.
Hallelujah means praise ye the Lord.
Handwrought is formed or shaped by hand, esp. metal objects.
Harebrained means giddy or reckless.
Harpsichord is a keyboard instrument, precursor of the piano.
Haughty is disdainfully proud.
Heir is a person who inherits.
Hemorrhage is a profuse discharge of blood.
Heterogeneous is different in kind, unlike.
Hoard is a supply that is carefully guarded or hidden.
Holocaust is a great or complete destruction.
Homogenize is to form by blending unlike elements.
Homonym is a word the same in spelling and sound, but different in meaning.
Horde is a large group, a multitude.
Humoresque is a musical composition of humorous character.
Hydraulic is employing water or other liquids in motion.
Hydrolysis is chemical decomposition by reacting with water.
Hypothesis is a proposition set forth to explain some occurrence.
Hysterical is of or pertaining to hysteria.
Idyll is a composition, usually describing pastoral scenes or any appealing incident, or the like.
Iguana is a large lizard native to Central and South America.
Imperceptible is very slight, gradual or subtle.
Impetuous is characterized by sudden or rash action.
Impossible means not possible or unable to be done.
Impromptu means done without previous preparation.
Incidence means the rate of change or occurrence.
Indicator is a person or thing that indicates.
Infallible is absolutely trustworthy or sure.
Inferior is lower in station, rank or degree.
Insurgence is an act of rebellion.
Interfere is to meddle in the affairs of others.
Invoice is an itemized bill for goods or services.
Iridescent is displaying a play of bright colors, like a rainbow.
Isle is a small island.
Isthmus is a narrow strip of land with water on both sides, connecting two larger strips of land.
Jackal is a wild dog of Asia and Africa.
Jacuzzi is a trade name for a whirlpool bath and related products.
Joist is a beam used to support ceilings or floors or the like.
Juxtaposition is the act of placing close together.
Kaiser is a German or Austrian emperor.
Kaleidoscope is a continually shifting pattern or scene.
Ketch is a two-masted sailing vessel.
Knave is an unprincipled or dishonest person.
Knell is the sound made by a bell rung slowly, at a death.
Knoll is a small, rounded hill.
Labyrinth is an intricate combination of paths in which it is difficult to find the exit.
Laconic is using few words, being concise.
Laggard is a lingerer; loiterer.
Lagoon is an area of shallow water separated from the sea by sandy dunes.
Laryngitis is the inflammation of the larynx.
Larynx is the structure in which the vocal cords are located.
Lavender is a pale bluish purple.
Legionnaire is a member of any legion.
Leprechaun is a dwarf or sprite in Ireland.
Liege is a Feudal lord entitled to allegiance or service.
Luau is a feast of Hawaiian food.
Luscious is highly pleasing to the taste or smell.
Lyre is a musical instrument of ancient Greece, harp-like.
Lymphatic is pertaining to, containing or conveying lymph.
Mace is a club-like, armor-breaking weapon, used in the Middle Ages.
Magnanimous is generous in forgiving insult or injury.
Magnify is to increase the apparent size of, as does a lens.
Malfeasance is wrongdoing by a public official.
Maneuver is a planned movement of troops or warships, etc.
Mantle is a loose, sleeveless cloak or cape.
Marquee is a projection above a theater entrance, usually containing the name of the feature at the theater.
Masquerade is a party of people wearing masks and other disguises.
Mature is complete in natural growth or development.
Maul is a heavy hammer.
Melee is a confused, hand-to-hand fight among several people.
Memento is a keepsake or souvenir.
Mercenary is working or acting merely for money or reward.
Mesquite is a spiny tree found in western North America.
Mettle is courage or fortitude.
Minuscule means very small.
Mirage is something illusory, without substance or reality.
Momentous is of great or far-reaching importance.
Monastery is a house occupied by usually monks.
Monocle is an eyeglass for one eye.
Morgue is a place in which bodies are kept.
Morphine is a narcotic used as a pain-killer or sedative.
Mosque is a Muslim temple or place of public worship.
Motif is a recurring subject, theme or idea.
Mousse is a sweetened dessert with whipped cream as a base.
Mozzarella is a mild, white, semi-soft Italian cheese.
Muenster is a white cheese made from whole milk.
Municipal is of or pertaining to a town or city or its government.
Mysterious is full of or involving mystery.
Mystique is an aura of mystery or mystical power surrounding a particular occupation or pursuit.
Naughty means disobedient or mischievous.
Neuter is gender that is neither masculine nor feminine.
Nickel is a coin of the U.S., 20 of which make a dollar.
Nickelodeon is an early motion-picture theater.
Nomenclature are names or terms comprising a set or system.
Nonchalant is coolly unconcerned, unexcited.
Nonpareil is having no equal.
Noxious is harmful or injurious to health.
Nuance is a subtle difference in meaning.
Nucleus is the core.
Nuisance is an obnoxious or annoying person.
Nuptial is of or pertaining to marriage or the ceremony.
Nylons are stockings worn by women.
Obnoxious is highly objectionable or offensive.
Obsolescent means passing out of use, as a word.
Occurrence is the action, fact or instance of happening.
Ocelot is a spotted, leopard-like cat, ranging from Texas to South America.
Ogre is a monster in fairy tales.
Onyx is black.
Ophthalmology is the branch of medicine dealing with anatomy, functions and diseases of the eye.
Ordnance is cannon or artillery.
Orphan is a child who has lost both parents through death.
Oscillate is to swing or move to and fro, as a pendulum.
Overwrought is extremely excited or agitated.
Oxygen is the element constituting about one-fifth of the atmosphere.
Pacifist is a person who is opposed to war or to violence of any kind.
Palette is a board with a thumb hole, used by painters to mix colors.
Palomino is a horse with a golden coat, and a white mane and tail.
Pamphlet is a short essay, generally controversial, on some subject of contemporary interest.
Pantomime is the art of conveying things through gestures, without speech.
Papacy is the office, dignity or jurisdiction of the pope.
Parable is a short story designed to illustrate some truth.
Paralysis is a loss of movement in a body part, caused by disease or injury.
Paraphernalia is apparatus necessary for a particular activity.
Parishioner is one of the inhabitants of a parish.
Parochial is of or pertaining to a parish or parishes.
Parody is a humorous imitation of a serious piece of literature.
Parquet is a floor composed of strips or blocks of wood forming a pattern.
Partition is a division into portions or shares.
Pasture is grass used to feed livestock.
Patriarch is the male head of a family or tribal line.
Patrician is a person of noble rank; an aristocrat.
Paunchy is having a large and protruding belly.
Pause is a temporary stop or rest.
Pavilion is a building used for shelter, concerts, or exhibits.
Peak is the pointed top of a mountain.
Penchant is a strong inclination or liking for something.
Penguin is a flightless bird of the Southern Hemisphere.
Penicillin is an antibiotic of low toxicity.
Penitentiary is a prison maintained for serious offenders.
Perennial is lasting for a long time; enduring.
Periphery is the external boundary of any area.
Perjury is lying under oath.
Perseverance is doggedness, steadfastness.
Persuade is to prevail on a person to do something.
Peruse is to read through with care.
Pesticide is a chemical preparation to destroy pests.
Petition is a formally drawn request.
Phalanx is a body of troops in close array.
Phenomenon is a fact or occurrence observed or observable.
Philosopher is one who offers views on profound subjects.
Phoenix is a mythical bird able to rise from its own ashes.
Physics is the science that deals with matter, energy, motion and force.
Picturesque is visually charming or quaint.
Peace is a country's condition when not involved in war.
Pinnacle is a lofty peak.
Pinafore is a child's apron.
Pixie is a fairy or sprite, especially a mischievous one.
Placard is a paperboard sign or notice.
Placebo is a pill with no medicine but used to soothe a patient.
Plaid is any fabric woven of differently colored yarns in a cross-barred pattern.
Plight is a condition or situation especially an unfavorable one.
Plumber is a person who installs and repairs piping, fixtures, etc.
Pneumonia is inflammation of the lungs with congestion.
Poignant is keenly distressing to the feelings.
Poinsettia is sometimes called the Christmas flower.
Politicize is to bring a political flavor to.
Populous means heavily populated.
Porridge is a food made of cereal, boiled to a thick consistency in water or milk.
Posse is a force armed with legal authority.
Posthumous is arising, occurring, or continuing after one's death.
Potpourri is any mixture of unrelated objects, subjects, etc.
Practitioner is a person engaged in the practice of a profession or occupation.
Prairie is a tract of grassland; a meadow.
Precise is definitely or strictly stated.
Prerogative is an exclusive right or privilege.
Prestigious is having a high reputation.
Prey is an animal hunted or seized for food.
Principle is an accepted or professed rule of action or conduct.
Pronunciation is an accepted standard of the sound and stress patterns of a syllable or word.
Psalm is a sacred song or hymn.
Psychology is the science of the mind or of mental states and processes.
Purge is to cleanse or to purify.
Quaff is to drink a beverage.
Quandary is a state of uncertainty.
Quarantine is a strict isolation.
Questionnaire is a list of questions submitted for replies.
Queue is a braid of hair or a line of people.
Quiche is a dish with cheeses and other vegetables.
Quintessence is the pure and concentrated essence of a substance.
Rabble is a disorderly crowd; mob.
Raffle is a form of a lottery.
Rambunctious is difficult to control or handle.
Rancid is having an unpleasant smell or taste.
Raspberry is the fruit of a shrub.
Ratchet is a tool.
Rationale is the fundamental reason serving to account for something.
Recede means to go or move away.
Recluse is a person who lives apart or in seclusion.
Reconnaissance is the act of reconnoitering.
Rectify is to make or set right.
Recurrence is an act of something happening again.
Reggae is a style of Jamaican popular music.
Rehearse is to practice.
Reign is the period during which a sovereign sits on a throne.
Rein is the leather strap used to control a horse.
Remembrance is a memory.
Reminiscence is the process of recalling experiences.
Requisition is the act of requiring or demanding.
Rescind is to annul or repeal.
Respondent is a person who responds or makes replies.
Resume is a summing up, a summary.
Resurrection is the act of rising from the dead.
Revise is to amend or alter.
Rhapsodic is ecstatic or extravagantly enthusiastic.
Rhetoric is bombast or the undue use of exaggeration or display.
Rhubarb is a plant of the buckwheat family.
Right is in accordance with what is good or just.
Rigor is strictness, severity or hardness.
Rotor is a rotating part of a machine.
Rouge is any of various red cosmetics for cheek and lips.
Roulette is a game of chance.
Rubella is a disease also called German measles.
Sable is an Old World weasel-like animal.
Sachet is a small bag containing perfuming powder or the like.
Sacrilegious  is pertaining to the violation of anything sacred.
Saffron is a crocus having showy, purple flowers.
Salutatorian  is the person ranking second in the graduating class.
Sanctimonious is making a hypocritical show of religious devotion.
Sapphire is a gem with a blue color.
Sarcasm  is harsh or bitter derision or irony.
Satellite is a body that revolves around a planet, a moon.
Sauerkraut is cabbage allowed to ferment until sour.
Sauna is a bath that uses dry heat to induce perspiration.
Scandalous is disgraceful or shocking behavior.
Scarab is a beetle regarded as sacred by the ancient Egyptians.
Scenario is the outline of a plot of a dramatic work.
Scepter is a rod held as an emblem of regal or imperial power.
Schizophrenia is a severe mental disorder.
Schnauzer is a German breed of medium-sized dogs.
Sciatic is pertaining to the back of the hip.
Scour is to remove dirt by hard scrubbing.
Scourge is a cause of affliction or calamity.
Scrod is a young Atlantic codfish or haddock.
Scruple is a moral standard that acts as a restraining force.
Sculptor is a person who practices the art of sculpture.
Seance is a meeting in which people try to communicate with spirits.
Seclude is to withdraw into solitude.
Seine is a fishing net.
Semaphore is an apparatus for conveying visual signals.
Sensuous means pertaining to or affecting the senses.
Separate means to keep apart or divide.
Sepulcher is a tomb, grave or burial place.
Sequoia is a large tree, aka redwood.
Sergeant is a noncommissioned officer above the rank of corporal.
Serial is anything published in short installments at regular intervals.
Sew is to join or attach by stitches.
Shackle is something used to secure the wrist, leg, etc.
Sheathe is to put a sword into a sheath.
Sheen is luster, brightness, radiance.
Shrew is a woman of violent temper and speech.
Shroud is a cloth or sheet in which a corpse is wrapped for burial.
Sierra is a chain of hills or mountains, the peaks of which suggest the teeth of a saw.
Silhouette is a two-dimensional representation of the outline of an object.
Simile is a figure of speech in which two unlike things are compared, as in she is like a rose.
Simultaneous is occurring or operating at the same time.
Singe is to burn slightly, to scorch.
Siphon is a tube bent into legs of unequal length, for getting liquid from one container to another.
Skeptic is a person who questions the validity of something.
Skew is to turn aside or swerve.
Slaughter is the killing of cattle, etc., for food.
Sleigh is a vehicle on runners, especially used over snow or ice.
Sleight is skill or dexterity.
Sleuth is a detective.
Slough (sloo) is an area of soft, muddy ground.
Sojourn is a temporary stay.
Solder is an alloy fused and applied to the joint between metal objects to unite them.
Solemn is grave or sober or mirthless.
Sovereign is a monarch or a king.
Spasm is a sudden involuntary muscular contraction.
Specter is a ghost, phantom or apparition.
Sponsor is a person who vouches for or is responsible for a person.
Squabble is to engage in a petty quarrel.
Squeak is a short, sharp, shrill cry.
Squint is to look with the eyes partly closed.
Stationery is writing paper.
Stimulus is something that incites to action or exertion.
Strait is a narrow passage of water between 2 larger bodies of water.
Straitjacket is a garment made of strong material and designed to bind the arms.
Stroganoff is a dish of meet sauteed with onions and cooked in a sauce of sour cream.
Suave is smoothly agreeable or polite.
Subpoena is the usual writ for the summoning of witnesses.
Subtle is thin, tenuous or delicate in meaning.
Succinct means expressed in few words, concise, terse.
Sufficiency is adequacy.
Suite is a number of things forming a set.
Supersede is to replace in power, or acceptance.
Supposition is something that is supposed; assumption.
Surety is security against loss or damage.
Surrey is a light carriage for four persons.
Surrogate is a person appointed to act for another; a deputy.
Surveillance is a watch kept over a person or group.
Swerve is to turn aside abruptly.
Symposium is a meeting to discuss some subject.
Synod is an assembly of church delegates.
Synonym is a word having nearly the same meaning as another.
Syntax is the study of the rules for the formation of grammatical sentences in a language.
Tabernacle is a place or house of worship.
Tableau is a picture of a scene.
Tabular means arranged into a table.
Tachometer is a machine to measure velocity or speed.
Tacky is not tasteful or fashionable.
Tact is a sense of what to say without raising offense.
Taffy is a chewy candy.
Tail is the hindmost part of an animal.
Taint is a trace of something bad or harmful.
Tally is an account or reckoning.
Tambourine is a small drum consisting of a circular frame with skin stretched over it and several pairs of metal jingles attached.
Tandem is one following or behind the other.
Tangible is capable of being touched.
Tantalize means to torment with.
Tapestry is a fabric used for wall hangings or furniture coverings.
Tassel is an ornament consisting of a bunch of threads hanging from a round knob, used on clothing or jewelry.
Taught is the past participle of teach.
Taunt means to mock.
Tawdry means showy or cheap.
Tea is something to drink.
Tee is a golfer's aid.
Technique is the manner in which the technical skills of a particular art or field of endeavor are used.
Tedious means long and tiresome.
Teeter means to move unsteadily.
Telegraph is an apparatus to send messages to a distant place.
Telepathy is communication between minds.
Telephone is an apparatus to send sound to distances.
Temblor is a tremor; earthquake.
Tempt means to entice or allure to do something often considered wrong.
Tenor is the meaning that runs through something written or spoken.
Tense is stretched tight; high-strung or nervous.
Terrain is a tract of land.
Terse is neatly or effectively concise; brief and pithy.
Tetanus is a disease, commonly called lockjaw.
Thatch is a material used to cover roofs.
Thermometer is a device for measuring temperature.
Thesaurus is a dictionary of synonyms and antonyms.
Thesis is a proposition put forth to be considered.
Thigh is between the hip and the knee.
Thimble is a small cap, worn over the fingertip to protect it when pushing a needle through a cloth in sewing.
Third is next after the second.
Thistle is a prickly plant.
Thorough is executed without negligence or omissions.
Thumb is the short, thick inner digit of the human hand.
Tier is one of a series of rows rising one behind or above another.
Tinsel is a glittering, metallic substance, usually in strips.
Titanic meaning gigantic.
Titlist is a titleholder, champion.
Tobacco is the plant used in making cigarettes.
Tongue is the movable organ in the mouth of humans.
Tonsillectomy is the operation removing one or both tonsils.
Topaz is a mineral used as a gem.
Torque is something that produces rotation.
Tout is to solicit business.
Toxicity is the degree of being poisonous.
Traceable is capable of being traced.
Trachea is the windpipe.
Trait is a distinguishing characteristic or quality.
Tranquil is calm or peaceful.
Transcend is to rise above or go beyond.
Transient means not lasting or enduring.
Translucent is letting pass through, but not clearly.
Trapeze is an apparatus consisting of a horizontal bar attached to two suspending ropes.
Trauma is a body wound or shock produced by sudden physical injury.
Trestle is a type of frame, used in railroad spans.
Trichotomy means divided into three parts.
Trivial means of little significance or importance.
Trough is a receptacle, usually for drinking from.
Troupe is a group of actors or performers, esp. travelers.
Truancy is the act of being truant or late.
Tyrannize is to exercise absolute control or power.
Ulcer is a sore on the skin.
Uncollectible means it can't be collected.
Unkempt is disheveled or messy.
Vaccinal pertaining to vaccine or vaccination.
Vague is not clearly expressed or identified.
Vaudeville is a theatrical entertainment.
Vehemence meaning ardor or fervor.
Veneer is a thin layer of wood.
Vengeance means violent revenge or getting back.
Vermicelli is a form of pasta.
Victuals are food supplies.
Viscount is a nobleman just below an earl or count.
Vogue means something in fashion.
Vying is competing or contending.
Waive is to give up or to forgo.
Whack is to strike with a sharp blow or blows.
Wheelwright is a person whose trade is to make wheels.
Wherever is in, at or to whatever place.
Wince is to draw back or tense the body.
Wrack is wreck or wreckage.
Wreak to inflict or execute as punishment or vengeance.
Wren is a small, active songbird.
Yeoman is a petty officer in a navy.
Zeppelin is a rigid airship or dirigible.
Zoological is of or pertaining to zoology.
Zucchini is a variety of summer squash.